Update thecodingmachine/phpstan-strict-rules link (#29)
thecodingmachine/best-practices: php/design_beautiful_classes_and_methods.md

<div class="alert alert-info">From PHP7+, you should of course use
strict mode and provide a return type for all your methods.</div>

> <div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Heads up!</strong> You can enforce this rule using the <a href="https://github.com/thecodingmachine/phpstan-strict-rules/">thecodingmachine/phpstan-strict-rules</a> package.</div>

Reviewer: Actually, with the latest release of PHPStan, PHPStan does this natively from level 6:

```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Heads up!</strong> You can enforce this rule using <a href="https://phpstan.org/">PhpStan at level 6 minimum</a>.</div>
```
